RELEASE NOTES FOR XAML HELPMEET 1.0
Copyright (c) Gil Yoder 2013

Xaml Helpmeet (XHM) is a derivative of XAML Power Toys written by
Karl Shifflett for Visual Studio 2008, and Visual Studio 2010. XHM is
configured to install and run as an add-in to Visual Studio 2012.
The author converted Shifflett's VisualBasic code to CSharp in
order to understand the code as well as to have the code
available in a more familar format.

Most of the structure and coding logic is of Shifflett's excellent
design. Because of the differences between VisualBasic and
CSharp a few modifications in logic were required (for example
there are minor differences between the use of "Nothing" in
VisualBasic and "null" in CSharp that forced a change in at
least one place, and differences between VisualBasic's "Exit"
command and CSharp's "break" command, forced a workaround or two.
Some refactoring of the logic has also occurred in order to
elliminate a few reduntant code blocks.

Other than those few differences, there is little difference
between the versions. Whatever you may have been able to do in
Shifflett's older versions should be possible in this new version.
In future I hope to work in some improvements in the workflow of
certain functions, and add new functions as I go along, but that
will depend on the amount of time I find to work on the code.

Support for this software can be found at the following Internet
address:

http://xamlhelpmeet.codeplex.com/

There you may find source code used to compile this product, and
some documentation, a forum to obtain help, and other information.

This software makes use of Mono.Cecil for gathering information from
assemblies. Mono.Cecil.rtf cointains information about the copyright
and licensing of that software.

Xaml Helpmeet carries the MIT license and thus may be used free of
charge by any person for any reason. A copy of the license may be
seen in the XamlHelpmeet.rtf file that comes with this software or
at the following address:

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html

Gil Yoder
3731 Crescent Drive
Pearland, TX 77584

gil.yoder@oabs.org
